# 本书内容

This book introduces you to the world of data structures and algorithms. Data
structure defines the way data is arranged in computer memory for fast and
efficient access while algorithm is a set of instruction to solve problems by
manipulating these data structures.

本书向您介绍数据结构和算法的世界。数据结构定义了数据在计算机存储器中的排列方式，以便快速有效地访问，而算法是一组通过操纵这些数据结构来解决问题的指令。

Designing an efficient algorithm is a very important skill that all computer
companies e.g. Microsoft, Google, Facebook etc. pursue. Most of the
interview for these companies is focused on knowledge of data structure and
algorithm. They look for how candidate use these to solve complex problem
efficiently, which is also very important in everyday coding. Apart from
knowing, a programming language you also need to have good command on
these key Computer fundamentals to not only qualify the interview but also
excel in the top high paying jobs.

设计有效的算法是所有计算机公司的非常重要的技能，例如微软，谷歌，Facebook等。这些公司的大多数访谈都集中在数据结构和算法的知识上。他们寻找候选人如何有效地解决复杂问题，这在日常编码中也非常重要。除了了解一种编程语言之外，您还需要对这些关键的计算机基础知识有良好的掌握，不仅要使面试合格，还要在高薪高薪工作中脱颖而出。

This book assumes that you are a Go language developer. You are not an expert
in Go language, but you are well familiar with concepts of class, references,
functions, list, tuple, dictionary and recursion. At the start of this book, we will
be revising Go language fundamentals that will be used throughout this book.
We will be looking into some of the problems in Lists and recursion too.

本书假设您是Go语言开发人员。您可以不是Go语言的专家，但需要熟悉类，引用，函数，列表，元组，字典和递归的概念。在本书的开头，将梳理在本书中会使用到的Go语言基础知识，还会研究列表和递归中的一些问题。

Then in the coming chapter we will be looking into Complexity Analysis.
Followed by the various data structures and their algorithms. We will be
looking into a Linked-List, Stack, Queue, Trees, Heap, Hash-Table and Graphs.
We will also be looking into Sorting, Searching techniques.

然后在接下来的章节中，我们将研究复杂性分析。我们将研究链表，堆栈，队列，树，堆，哈希表和图形及排序、搜索技术等各种数据结构及其算法。

We will be looking into algorithm analysis of various algorithm techniques.
Such as, Brute-Force algorithms, Greedy algorithms, Divide and Conquer
algorithms, Dynamic Programming, Reduction and Backtracking.

我们将研究各种算法技术的算法分析。如Brute-Force算法，Greedy算法，Divide and Conquer算法，动态规划，约简和回溯。

In the end, we will be looking into System Design that will give a systematic
approach to solve the design problems.

最后，我们将研究系统设计，它将提供一种解决设计问题的系统方法。
